Drive Smart was created specifically for new drivers.
Completing Drive Smart will give you a better understanding
of different driving situations
so you'll know what to do when you come across them on the road.
You'll have the opportunityto identify safe responses
to some dangerous driving situations.
Don't be discouraged
if you don't respond correctlyto every situation.
We're showing you what can happen in real life
and some situations would be difficult
for even the most experienced driver to handle.
The most important thing is to learn from your mistakes
so that you can go out onto the road a better, safer driver.
Drive Smart will show you the types of things you can expect to happen
when you are behind the wheelof a car.
You'll see what happens when you drive too fast,
take risks or forget to concentrate.
And just like in real life,
you'll also have to deal with other people's mistakes and bad driving.
We think you'll find the program both interesting and informative.
You'll be watching and commenting
on many different video sequences from around town,
on the freeway and in rural areas.
You'll have to make some quick decisions
which will test such thingsas your memory
and your ability to predictwhat other drivers will do next.
We all know that road accidents kill and injure
far too many people each year.
The skills that you develop fromthis program could save your life.